3. “Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.” -Buddha

4. "Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning." -Albert Einstein

Deep quote by Albert Einstein
5. “Love takes off the masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within.” -James Baldwin

6. “Sometimes the questions are complicated, and the answers are simple.” -Dr. Seuss

7. “What gets us into trouble is not what we don’t know. It’s what we know for sure that just ain’t so.” -Mark Twain

8. "Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new." -Albert Einstein

9. "Knowing what must be done does away with fear.” -Rosa Parks

Deep quote by Rosa Parks
10. "Holding onto your anger is like drinking poison and expecting the other person to die.” -Buddha

11. “Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.”-Søren Kierkegaard

12. “It’s not that I’m so smart. It’s just that I stay with problems longer.” -Albert Einstein

13. “Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.” -Confucius

Deep quote by Confucius
14. "The two most important days of your life are the day that you’re born and the day that you find out why.” -Mark Twain

15. "Education is not the learning of the facts, but the training of the mind to think." -Albert Einstein

16. “In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life: it goes on.” -Robert Frost

Deep quote by Robert Frost
17. “The present moment is filled with joy and happiness. If you are attentive, you will see it.” -Thich Nhat Hanh

18. “A bird doesn't sing because it has an answer, it sings because it has a song.” -Maya Angelou

19. “We learn from experience that men never learn anything from experience.” -George Bernard Shaw

20. “Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day; wisdom consists in not exceeding the limit.” -Elbert Hubbard

21. “If you surrender to the wind, you can ride it.” -Toni Morrison

Deep quote by Toni Morrison
22. “We don’t see things the way they are. We see them the way we are.” -Talmud

23. “A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.” -Lao Tzu

24. “All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make, the better.” -Ralph Waldo Emerson

Deep quote by Ralph Waldo Emerson
25. “Be more concerned with your character than your reputation, because your character is what you really are, while your reputation is merely what others think you are.” -John Wooden

26. “I write because I don’t know what I think until I read what I say.” -Flannery O’Connor

27. “Learn from the mistakes of others. You can’t live long enough to make them all yourself.” -Eleanor Roosevelt

28. “Many receive advice, only the wise profit from it.” -Harper Lee

Deep quote by Harper Lee
29. “Destiny is a name often given in retrospect to choices that had dramatic consequences.” -J.K. Rowling

30. “The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in mind at the same time and still retain the ability to function.” -F. Scott Fitzgerald
